[Music]
intelligence
stamina courage in the heart
my business is dogs
Cassandra sized is trouble
[Music]
well good afternoon is untrainable
what does he bring to the breed the
heart of a survivor
[Music]
he outran every single one of them he's
not a sled dog he's a lead dog
what we have in our children is an
epidemic the death sentence they found a
cure
round trip is 600 miles
you see that storm in the horizon only
one man and one dog can make that run
he's 12 years old he's too old he'll
never make that distance got one more
new pump
my guess is we don't find him till the
fall
all right Togo time for us to find out
who we are
I always thought he lived for the slide
when all along what he lived for
was me
Hey
[Music]
you